---
layout: page
title: William optics FLT 110
subtitle: Main Scope 
tags: 
    - FLT110
    
comments: true
permalink: /equipment/flt/
---
# William Optics FLT110
The FLT 110 is a triplet apochromat refracting telescope where three lenses are made and joined to perform as one lens group. The FLT 110 is made with some of the best optical glasses found in these applications including a high performance fluorocrown component.
And the lens is figured (ground, shaped, and polished) well enough and then coated with high transmission antireflection multi-coatings so that it will rival any other first rate four inch Apo in terms of field of view and brightness of image. In fact the lens is actually 4.33 inches in aperture and this is what helps to account for 
its uncommonly high brightness when compared to other compact refractors; the FLT 110 is indeed as compact or shorter than so many other 4 inch Apos that we compare it in this class of telescope. Furthermore, in terms of high magnification performance such as when observing the planets, then the FLT110 will deliver very good performance and is capable of exceeding what may be practical on all but the most exceptional nights of observing.

I was lucky to get such an excellent scope with the great optics it has. It does not produce a flat field with out using a flattener of which there are many different types out there. 

This has been my main scope for 15 years now and is a work horse. It is not a scope i see myself ever selling as it cover ed with nicks where the white powder coating has been just chipped but it is well used a loved an dstill have awesome optics even after this long

